TODO: Remaining: 23
August 10:
2) Create Databases. Maybe make a table of overall items, and then add each
entry to a table specifically for that type of item. Make tables for the
customer rep and admin too

3) Create database for Items. Inside Items, have tables for different 
Types of items. Inside Accounts, have tables for endUsers, customerReps,
And Admin.

4) Create profile pages so you can look someone's profile pick up. Will use 
this to delete accounts for customer reps

5) Customer reps can also delete accounts

6) Allow creation of auctions. User can set characteristics of item, set 
closing date and time, and set a hidden minimum price

August 11:
7) Let a customer make a bid. Allow user to select whether they want automatic
bidding. If so, let them set a max price and bid increment. Alert buyers when
someone bids more than their upper limit

8) When bids end, check if seller set a reserve. If yes, then if the reserve 
is higher than the highest bid, no one is the winner. If no, then whoever has
the highest bid is the winner. Alert the winner that they won the auction

9) Search list of items according to various criteria describing the item
Make this support as complex searches as possible

10) History of bids for any specific auction.

11) Show a status of each bid

12) Allow alerts for items that are restocked or whatever. Email???

August 12:
13) List of all auctions and bids a specific buyer or seller has 
participated in. Maybe search accounts or store info in the account

14) List of similar items on auction in the preceding month (and auction
information about them. We decide similarity measure

15) Maybe add a feature in profile to allow anonymity by selecting first
character of username, then underscore, then ID (A_1)

16) 1 Administrative account can create accounts for customer reps

17) Create customer rep database and allow for creation of customer reps

18) Allow customer reps to modify information (including resetting 
passwords, removing bids, and removing illegal auctions)

August 13:
19) Allow for change in items available. Maybe a class that can alter 
Items in the database, and give access to customer reps and admin? Maybe
Also automatically update based on items that are being sold?

20) Allow a support section for customers to reach out to customer reps

21) Allow users to browse questions and answers, so maybe make the customer 
rep forum public to search

22) Users search questions by keywords

23) Administrative account can generate summary sales reports

24) Summary sales reports include total earnings, 
earnings per {item, item type, endUser}, best selling items, 
best buyers (Maybe keep track of amount spent by each account, and top 10 or 
so are shown in the report